Sister Zhaohua.
You seem in a good mood today.
I already made things clear
with the man who once treated me kindly.
I want to break off the engagement.
That's wonderful.
Then let's choose an auspicious day.
I'll set off fireworks for you and the Crown Prince.
That way,
my childhood promise will be fulfilled.
Tomorrow is Mid-Autumn.
I bought ingredients.
We can make mooncakes together.
All right, all right.
Red bean cakes...
I'll buy two red bean cakes.
Shopkeeper, two red bean cakes please.
Coming right up.
Here you are.
Mid-Autumn, the fifteenth of the eighth month.
Another full moon.
Sweet and fragrant red bean cakes.
Careful.
Watch out!
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
Jiangzhu, your face...
Sister Zhaohua,
that almost hit someone.
Ladies, are you all right?
We're fine, thank you, miss.
It's all right. Everyone, go home.
That's enough. Disperse.
All right, move along.
Let's go.
It's fine. Be careful next time.
Sister Zhaohua...
Did you see my face?
I still have herbs to process at Jianxiang Studio.
I'll head back now.
Did I scare her?
Am I really that frightening?
Child.
Here, have a candy.
Keep looking at me. Don't blink.
Sorry, sorry.
Don't cry.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
Don't cry, don't cry.
Child...
There, stop crying.
Hush now, hush.
All right, all right, stop crying.
Look at uncle.
Did Uncle scare you just now?
Here, take this.
If anyone bullies you later,
use this to scare them.
Let's go.
See?
Ordinary people think I'm strange.
That child wasn't afraid of you.
But once I put on the ghost mask,
he got scared of me too.
People are like that.
They fear what they've never seen.
If they come to understand you,
they'll think differently.
What do you think of me?
From now on,
if you're afraid of scaring people,
wear this mask.
What are you doing here now?
I'm not hurt anywhere.
Why did you come?
You were worried about me, weren't you?
You came here just to see me, right?
I was only worried.
That night in Bichen Palace,
Shen Yuheng
must have seen your true form.
I'm only worried
he won't let this go.
If you drag me into this again...
I don't care.
You're just worried about me.
If you still thought I was a monster,
you wouldn't say nonsense like that.
You even sent this mask to comfort me.
I'm just telling the truth.
I don't believe you.
You and Shen Miao are quite alike.
Always with a sour face.
Stubborn too.
My eye color is beautiful.
My eyelashes are special too.
Such a striking face,
what's scary about it?
If Sister Zhaohua
were truly afraid of me,
she wouldn't have protected me today.
Never mind, never mind.
I won't think about it anymore.
Tomorrow I'll find Sister Zhaohua to make mooncakes.
You said tomorrow is Mid-Autumn?
Yes.
Mid-Autumn is...
the fifteenth.
The full-moon night is almost here.
But besides Shen Miao,
I have no other handsome men.
I must hurry through the full-moon night.
I need to rush back and undo
Sixth Aunt's speech spell.
The full moon...
is it round?
Of course it's round.
No need to wait for the full moon.
To be honest,
right now my heart,
my blood,
and my mind
are filled with her gentleness,
her smile,
and all her goodness.
But she is a demon,
not an ordinary person.
She could even hurt people.
She has never hurt anyone.
I've never seen it.
Have you?
Your Highness.
I'm sorry.
I offended you.
I've thought a lot these days.
Human or demon,
is that truly so important?
Important.
Shouldn't what matters be this:
even as demons,
they may be kinder and truer than humans.
I know my years studying the classics were wasted.
But I can't suppress
my longing to hold Lianhua.
I want to spend flower-and-moon nights with her.
I want to stay as loving with her as before.
Your Highness, what are you trying to do?
Shut your mouth and get out.
I told you to leave.
Good.
At last I can return to the Hundred Illusions Realm.
Shen Miao.
Do you even know what you're doing?
Since Your Highness already
has discovered Prince Yan's secret,
why haven't you acted yet?
That girl
is a Jade Waist Slave.
I know your parents
died at the hands of Jade Waist Slaves.
So you hate them.
And because of Imperial Uncle's decision back then,
you resent him too.
This secret...
I need to find
the perfect timing.
Then we can kill two birds with one stone.
Shen Miao.
I...
I'm busy.
I came to remind you.
Today is Mid-Autumn.
The full-moon night is almost here.
What's there to fear?
I can control my desire.
As for you,
better pray for luck.
You can control your desire?
How naive.
I only need a handsome man,
and I'll pass the night safely.
But you're different.
The Love-Gu is strongest on the full-moon night.
If you can't get through tonight,
your life may be in danger.
You're the one who should pray for luck.
What can we do?
There is a way.
There is.
Will soapberry work?
I thought it through carefully.
Last time,
we both smelled strange.
It left a bad impression on you.
So...
this time, choose a scent you like.
Let's bathe together first.
And after this time together,
I don't hate you as much anymore.
I feel you're less resistant to me too.
Or we can just make do
and spend the night together.
Did you forget the steps?
It's fine.
I can find another book.
We can learn it together.
How can a young woman say this
without even blushing?
This is skin-to-skin intimacy.
This is skin-to-skin too.
You're fine with this.
I'm fine.
But cold-bone syndrome
really, really hurts.
Where are you going?
Shen Miao!
Get out.
Why is he so hostile to me?
According to the records in that book,
is Jiangzhu truly a Jade Waist Slave?
But so what if she is?
Since we met,
she has always protected me.
Was my reaction that day
too hurtful to her?
No...
Zhaohua.
Your Highness, why are you here?
Come with me to the palace now to see His Majesty.
Tomorrow's wedding...
Your Highness, we already made this clear.
Why are you suddenly like this?
What happened?
As long as we marry,
all troubles can be solved.
What trouble?
Because of Jiangzhu,
the butterfly in here
is about to break free and fly out.
What butterfly breaking free? Impossible.
I'm only annoyed by her
for disrupting my thoughts.
I hate that she changed how I see things.
Is this what love between man and woman feels like?
I can only see color in her.
Among thousands,
I can spot her at a glance.
Are you saying I'm in love with her?
Shen Miao.
You can't keep deceiving yourself.
The butterfly in your heart
is already flying toward her.
Toward her.
MkvDrama.Net